MW Proofreading edits (#59)
mongodb/docs-rust: source/fundamentals/crud/read-operations/query.txt

Logical
-------

Logical operators require at least two match criteria and can match
documents that meet some, all, or none of these criteria. For example,

> you can use the ``$or`` method to query for documents that match either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can use the logical operator ``$or`` to query for documents that match either
```
